[Music]
this is the all-new 2017 grading weight
236 center console now this boat is an
upgrade to last year's 230 and here's
the first upgrade to look at the transom
you now have an opening door with a nice
wide swim platform on either side of the
outboard being an all new grading way
your going to expect to find a lot of
neat stuff on this boat and you won't be
disappointed
beginning right here with this live well
under the leaning post this is live well
number 2 you've got one in the transom
but right here under the leaning post
you have a nice deep well I know what
you're thinking wait a minute root Oh
alive well under a seat it's gonna get
me wet right well hold on a second this
is a gasketed hatch the surface is lift
and it dogs down tightly I can tell you
from experience I've been on other
gritty white with live wells under seats
that's secured down the same way and
they don't leak they're just fine when
you're running the boat there's one more
feature I've got to show you on this
boot you have this backrest when you're
four with seats and what's really nifty
is they swing right out and have a
magnetic catch that they stick one so
you don't have to worry about stowing
the seat backs when you want this area
open it's pretty slick you want to find
out more about this boat jump over to
boots comm read the full of you
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters